[Music]
a semblance are meager luggage
he had to leave his village and heavy
strange hitch finally reaches the ocean 2
in his last dollars
a smuggler without moods he got
sesame to cast off
for you
my
landing on the promised land
loaded as a commodity in a
truck to paris
eldorado of homeless he imagines r
that is reduced its rate of scavengers
are revealed to be turning into a nightmare
he
sick
for in size of misery
and
[Music]
migratory
the
the eyes are less heavy
stop before him 2
the most sordid it is these help
a lighter hanging on the edge of the void
without denying without soul
in cockroaches
he still finds strength
to a girl did not say one
Temmar
audrey lamy
I
and
since
[Music]
who apart from this black man
who passes in front of him without seeing him
told to go home
what are his chances of survival
witness also the great hunger that for him
extending your hand you nothing little corner of
blue sky in the horizon
and
my
leonard
we are comfortable
m
[Music]
my
man 2
me too I can make a green gesture
it's thomas who only stays his
courage and his reason to build here his
home too I can make a gesture
thank you sleep who only remains his
courage and his reason to make this country
his house
e